updating quickstart with various feedbacks around working and ordering (#7198)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/dbt-python-bigframes.md

## Introduction

In this guide, you'll learn how to set up dbt so you can use it with BigQuery Dataframes (BigFrames) to:
* Build scalable data transformation pipelines using dbt and Google Cloud, with SQL and Python.
* Leverage BigFrames from dbt for scalable Python on BigQuery.

In addition to the existing dataproc/pyspark based submission methods for executing python models, you can now use the BigFrames submission method to execute Python models with  pandas-like and scikit-like APIs,  without the need of any Spark setup or knowledge.

> BigQuery Dataframes is an open source python package that auth-transpiles pandas and scikit-learn like APIs to scalable BigQuery SQL. The dbt-bigquery adapter uses the BigQuery Studio Notebook Executor Service to run the BigQuery Dataframe python client side code.

Reviewer: @wazi55 Did you mean automatically transpiles?

```suggestion
BigQuery Dataframes is an open source Python package that automatically transpiles pandas and scikit-learn-like APIs to scalable BigQuery SQL. The dbt-bigquery adapter uses the BigQuery Studio Notebook Executor Service to run the BigQuery Dataframe python client side code.
```

      2 as bar
   ```
3. Now create a new model file in the models directory, named `my_first_python_model.py`. 

> 4. Now in that file, add in this code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the `my_first_python_model.py` file, add this code:
```

   ```python
   def model(dbt, session):
      dbt.config(submission_method="bigframes")
      bdf = dbt.ref("my_sql_model") #loading from prev step
      return bdf
   ```

> 5. Configure the BigFrames submission method by either:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Configure the BigFrames submission method by using either:  
```

   ```
   or 

   b. The Python code via dbt.config in the my_first_python_model.py file 

   ```python
   def model(dbt, session):
      dbt.config(submission_method="bigframes")
      # rest of the python code...

   ```

6. Run `dbt run` 

> 7. You can view the logs in [dbt logs](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/events-logging). You can optionally view the codes and logs (including previous executions) from the [Colab Enterprise Executions](https://console.cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/colab/execution-jobs) tab and [GCS bucket](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser) from the GCP console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. You can view the logs in [dbt logs](/reference/events-logging). You can optionally view the codes and logs (including previous executions) from the [Colab Enterprise Executions](https://console.cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/colab/execution-jobs) tab and [GCS bucket](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser) from the GCP console.
```
